the bride is walking down the aisle
Maggie carpenter is walking down the
aisle seems very confident in her
approach she's at the first pew bride
seems to be a bit hesitant she's turning
she's turning it oh she's running
because she
she likes to dump rooms right at the
altar plows down the aisle nocturnal
ladies out of her way like the Running
of the Bulls in Pamplona I'm profoundly
and irreversibly I have been accused of
using this column to direct bitter
diatribes and the opposite sex
I could this runaway bride story I think
we can send it to GQ magazine the real
story all the gory details if she runs
again you got a cover story Shazam
I think I'm in Mayberry I'm looking for
Maggie carpenter she's gonna follow me
around everywhere I go no hello Maggie
gotta be kidding me oh you're gonna do
the same thing for them before that you
did to the previous three and I'm not
leaving until you do
take my princess we ride on our chariot
I've been running Maggie through these
visualization exercises all the sports
shrinks use this headstone be the ball
sink the putt never stayed on tell me
when you get to the altar you spiked the
bouquet
he's the trapdoor man the vicious
reporter is attractive I like his type
but what do you think it works
Oh little B not B meg gifts be
returnable in all of your mistakes you
are just trying to make me run you want
a man wake you up and my daughter just
burst in to talk to you can't wait
another minute just find out what he'll
say she got to you too when I was
walking down the aisle I was walking
toward somebody who had no idea who I
really was
but you you knew the real me yes and
that's from
it's not that she's afraid of the
wedding she's afraid of the wedding
night why when I was a virgin bride I
took a knitting needle to bed with me
[Music]